id3lib -- History of visible changes.
Please the ChangeLog files in each directory for specific changes to the files
in that directory.
Please see the HISTORY file for changes to the library before version 3.6.0.

Please send id3lib bug reports to sth2@cs.wustl.edu.

1999-12-01 Version 3.6.1

* Code movement: moved the header files from src/id3 to include/id3 to allow
  for easier windows compilation.
* Improved portability: made changes in several files to improve compilation
  on windows.  (thanks to elrod for the fixes)
* Random cleanup: some spelling errors fixed, some minor file administration, 
  etc.

1999-11-30 Version 3.6.0

Over a year since the last release!  This version represents a major overhaul
in the project since the previous release (see the README and HISTORY file for
details).  Most of the changes are at the implementation and documentation
level---the library's interface and overall functionality remain (mostly)
unchanged.  Below is an overview of the improvements made since version 3.05a.

* Code overhaul: more descriptive variable naming, streamlined implementation
  logic, cleaner interface specification, generalization of magic numbers and
  strings.
* Better documentation: transcribed the the "Documentation for ID3Lib 3.05"
  document (written by Dirk Mahoney, 22 Nov 1998) into the actual source, using
  javadoc-like tags so as to create documentation with the application doc++. 
  Using this program (and ones like it) allows for creating the documentation
  in many different formats, including html, texinfo, man, latex, and the like.
* Added functionality: Added additional functions for simplified access to
  common tags, such as artist, title, and album.
* More robust error checking: Improved upon the exception handling already in
  place to better handle error conditions, such as invalid tags, unrecognized
  frames, and the like.  Work is still needed to ensure the library can handle
  error situations gracefully.
* Improved portability: restructured the code into a GNU-like directory.
  hierarchy.  By making use of the GNU tools automake and autoconf, a wide
  variety of platforms can be easily supported.  This allows for a standard
  "./configure; make; make install" installation process, as well as an
  equally trivial method for uninstallation: "make uninstall".  Likewise,
  "make check" builds the example applications (see below).
* Enhanced examples: the src/examples/ subdirectory has both new and improved
  examples demonstrating how to make use of id3lib.  The original "id3convert"
  example now can convert both ways between id3v1 and id3v2 tags, as well as
  strip both types of tags off of files via command-line switches.
  Additionally, an "id3info" app has been added for displaying id3v1/v2 tag
  information about a file.
* Bug fixing: Fixes, fixes, and more fixes.  A continual process.

There are other changes that may not be so welcome, so I ask for any comments,
suggestions, or changes that others might feel would be better.
* The zlib library files were removed from the project.  The need for zlib
  was instead made a requirement through the configuration process via autoconf
  and automake.
* All of the id3lib library files were renamed by removing the "id3_" prefix.
  Instead, the library files were placed in an id3 subdirectory in the src
  directory.  Likewise, when the library is installed on a system, an "id3"
  subdirectory is created in the indicated include directory, and the header
  files are placed there.  Pragmatically, this means that code that makes use
  of id3lib needs to "#include <id3/tag.h>" rather than "#include <id3_tag.h>".
  This was done to create more structure and to avoid clutter in the include
  directory.
* The versioning strategy has been updated to be more in line with the 
  "libtool" way.  However, in order to be more compatible with how versions
  progressed previously, I've taken the approach that many other libraries have
  taken: I've "massaged" the version:revision:age numbers so that the resulting
  compiled library shows up as id3lib.so.3.6.0 (or whatever the current release
  is).  This is /strongly/ advised against in the libtool documentation, so I'm
  considering going to a more "traditional" libtool versioning approach (see
  the libtool info page for more information).

There is yet much to do!  Please see the TODO file for known bugs and lacking
features...