id3lib THANKS file

id3lib was originally written by Dirk Mahoney.

Since version 3.05a, several individuals have helped further the development of
id3lib.  They are listed below.  Please inform the current project maintainer
if anyone has been missed.

o Scott Thomas Haug (sth2@cs.wustl.edu) helped revitalize the project after
  3.05a.  He restructured and cleaned up most of the code to allow for better
  cross-platform functionality and easier development.
o Kamran (kamran@musicmatch.com) fixed several bugs in MusicMatch's internal 
  version of ID3Lib which were merged into the current public version of 
  id3lib.
o Alexander Voronin (av@oskarsb.ru) has submitted several patches to fix a 
  variety of bugs. 

Dirk Mahoney included the following at the end of his documentation on ID3Lib
3.05a.  It is included in verbatim here.

  Special Thanks and Credits

  I would like to extend my many thanks to the people who have contributed to
  the ID3Lib project.  The show of support has been tremendous.  I consider
  ID3Lib to be a very 'international' product, as contributions have come from
  almost literally every corner of the globe.  If I have missed you, please
  forgive my lapse of memory.

  o Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler - for their great zlib compression library
    and for making it free.
  o Tord Jansson - for much help with teaching me how to make and use DLLs.
  o Slava Karpenko for creating the MacOS static link libraries for the PowerPC
    and CodeWarrior.
  o Bob Kohn - for his advice, input, and generally creating the ID3Lib license
    agreement.
  o Eng-Keong Lee - for finding a few bugs and for extensively testing ID3Lib
    2.xx.
  o James Lin - for his 'ID3v2 Programming Guidelines', and many helpful
    suggestions
  o Michael Mutschler - for prompting me to write the Unicode support and for
    his input on the ID3Lib calling convention.
  o Martin Nilsson - for ID3v2, his support of the ID3Lib web page, for many,
    many suggestions, debates, pointers, URLs, documents, and brightly coloured
    fish.
  o Chris Nunn - for the 3D animated ID3v2 logos which appear in the ID3Lib web
    page and in the distribution.
  o Lachlan Pitts - for general implementation ideas and his brief but helpful
    work on the up-coming genre tree.
  o Jukka Poikolainen - for prompting to implement error handling via the C++
    exception handling mechanism instead of the old 2.xx-style of using an 
    error handling function.
  o Carson Puchol - for his help with some minor Linux compilation hassles.
  o Andreas Sigfridsson - for his initial code for the unsync/resync support
    and for his very valuable input in long brainstorming sessions.
  o Michael Robertson - for helping support ID3Lib by posting announcements on
    MP3.com.
  o Ilana Rudnik - for bug finding and suggestions.
  o Chuck Zenkus - for his support of ID3v2 and ID3Lib by providing us with a
    mirror in the United States and for his bug finding and suggestions.
  o And last but by no means least, all the others who support ID3Lib by 
    subscribing to the mailing list and to the contributors to the discussions
    and debates in the ID3v2 discussion group.

  Without the help of all these people, ID3Lib would not be as good as it is, 
  and I dare say might not even exist if they all weren't around to provide
  motivation to continue to write the thing!
  
  - Dirk Mahoney
  22 November 1998
  Brisbane, Australia
