Version 3.0.6 of id3lib requires the following work:

* There are several functions created to allow easier use of the library under
  common situations.  All of those functions are defined in misc_support.h.
  Their utility at this point is questionable.  They made the implementation
  of the library itself easier, but whether or not they are actually useful for
  others using the library needs determining.  They should be looked at closer
  so as to determine which functions are currently useful, which need updating,
  and what new ones are required.

* Need to clarify the interface for files.  When given a file name, which 
  methods should create one if it doesn't exist, which should be able to write,
  which can go on if the file isn't writable, etc.  Its pretty muddled right
  now.  Should the file interface for the tags be broken off from the Tag 
  class completely?  Needs better design.

* The C interface hasn't been touched (or tested), and probably needs to be 
  updated to reflect changes made since 3.05a.  The C interface currently is
  guised as a DLL interface for Windows, but this can probably be generalized
  as a C interface for any platform.  I don't develop under Windows, though, so
  I could probably use some help with this.

* The codebase was originally written for Windows.  It didn't work correctly
  under linux, so I made changes so that it would.  However, I no longer know
  if it works under Windows.  Therefore, the package probably needs to be
  ported so that it can be compiled easily using Windows tools (Cygwin? Visual
  Studio?).  A good place to look for inspiration is the freeamp project, as
  the freeamp player's codebase is cross-platform and is set up to compile
  easily under windows and unix machines.  The original id3lib distribution
  (downloadable from http://www.id3lib.org) had the original dll and "the 
  export file and static link library (MSVC) for using the dll."

* Most of the limitations listed for 3.05a still exist.  See below.

Version 3.05a of ID3Lib has some known limitations...

* Firstly, contrary to good programming ideas and contrary to the 'ID3v2
  Programming Guidelines', ID3Lib will explode in a ball of brilliant blue
  flame if asked to parse an invalid ID3v2 tag.  This will change.
  + Update for 3.0.6: this has been improved, but still requires more testing.

* Incorrect handling of unknown frames.  This means that when ID3Lib encounters
  an unknown frame, it is currently ignored.  It is neither re-written to the
  tag when re-rendered nor are the file or tag alter frame flags observed.
  + 3.0.6 adds nominal support for all remaining known frames (as defined in
    the spec for id3v2.2.0 and id3v2.3.0 at www.id3.org).  Unknown frames are
    still not handled correctly.

* No support for the read-only frame flag.  It is currently ignored---such 
  frames can be altered at will.

* No support as yet for the verification of frames before rendering.

* Does not yet render 3.0 extended headers.  Although the functionality for
  selecting this is present, the setting is ignored for now.

* Does not yet parse 3.0 extended headers.  They are quite adequately ignored
  and the rest of the tag is parsed correctly.

* ID3Lib currently has no direct support for things like the language and
  currency fields.  It is up to the application to generate the data for these
  fields manually.  Soon, ID3Lib will have these things assigned to IDs so that
  the applications programmer will not have to remember the ISO tables for the 
  actual strings.